and there and there
and then in Brasilia, April 19th, 19 hours a
elisângela my left our interpreter libras has a right pedro
guimarães our president of the federal savings bank works lightly enough
quick and the subject of the moment right I emergency aid before that wish
the prompt recovery for the siqueira the presenter of the tv network here got sick
yesterday they want him to come back quickly because despite my
neighbor the time whenever I post it I watch it there you want it with your mood
with your joy brings to mind is good information and speaks the language of the people
a hug and want bro bro the matter moment here pedro
and it’s the first one we’ve already paid the box one has already paid and around 33 million
33 million people have already received we have an expectation of
number of people more went beyond that then it was the law and there are a few million I'm
complaining that we a few minutes complaining about what you said to him
corner this is we made president the biggest insertion program ie the
people could have accounts they did not have against the history bank certainly the
Brazil and any country I know what happens there were more than 45
millions of people who signed up so we were expecting something like
20 million 25 and 45 have already registered so this is the biggest point ie a
very large volume of people and some of them
in several of them they have not yet received the answer because it is under analysis by the
the whole group that is doing it has people who wrongly filled in the error of
cpf certainly had it when the person president did not put the
cpf correctly she couldn't even go to the second stage what happened
was that many people who had some kind of problem with electoral justice
around 12 million people were only able to start registering in the
last friday so only as of last friday this group that had
a problem with electoral justice can register we estimate that 4 million
people have registered since Friday who had some kind of
previous problem but there were also a lot of people who had a job was a server
public so the income on the court was there to shoot
it wasn't even in bad faith, I thought I had a right, then I don't have a right, so
regrets it is this fine comb that is being made I think another ten days
there must be an end point, right, and we must also start before
complete the 30 days of receipt of the installment must begin will begin to pay
second installment yes that very important point president government bolsonaro
who organized all this benefit together with Minister Paulo
guedes who idealized this benefit for the informal we have three
citizenship ministry groups the box and the dataprev each with their role there is
the least chance of this government making a payment has to have
money is in the budget so whatever
happens the money already exists for the first the first installment actually
for all but that as we had a much larger number of people than
anyone imagined they did the registration is you need a few days
in fact, it's practically solved so that there is a complementation or
be it going to increase the value of the budget so because of that given that this
government lord government will never do anything crazy there will be no
no chance for us to pay without budget is without percent approved
and I repeat here before completing 30 days of receiving the first right installment
already guarantees that they will pay the second installment, right, and these people who have already received
this is in a clean relationship then some scenes I have no problem
and it goes almost a click goes to is not for everyone is for who is the first
day and whoever has birthday in january february and march joys we already have
president is 33 million two hundred that have already been paid has another 10 million
people who are going to receive next week more family allowance so they are already
43 million right first hand we received the resource from the ministry of
citizenship then only as soon as we announce the first installment too 1.9
million people who are informal so we had paid 13.1 and
we will increase we will increase to 15 million people this resource will be deposited
by the box on Friday night from Saturday people will be able to
withdraw the volume of 1.2 billion reais more
oh and whoever for example got the family grant let's suppose i got the scholarship
R $ 200 family will receive 600/600 plus class 1200 or eighteen hundred there is
a series if you have two family members who have a chance you
going to receive 1200 a 1800 but what is going on the president the values
are very significant is the level number of people is surprising us
positively and this is what is making this program a success
it is also not for may june for the only one who receives who receives is not entitled to
guarantee fund will be able to request even 45 to receive from the fifteenth
of June if I am not mistaken and still have a second the benefit will be paid within
few weeks that unemployment insurance assistance then on the issue of
unemployment will also have a second benefit according to
the secretary is bruno bianco dominici paulo guedes around 24 million
people so we have 54 million people who were expected here
conversation with the minister the only one we expect at least 60 million more
because we’ll have another 24 million people to help with the issue of
unemployment and we will have 60 million people for the ggts issue because the
last year paid exactly 60 million people in the immediate bag
so it is a very large number we will have payments in April May and June
the issue of r $ 600 emergency aid as of May the question of unemployment aid
and in June the issue of fgts these things this color of people in insurance
unemployment and it's a personal concern are people
who lost black exactly that I don't I don't want to kick numbers here but they are
millions of people who lost jobs you are not mistaken I saw a story
today I don’t know if it’s true that we read it has to come to Santa Catarina
would have lost I'm 400 thousand formal jobs in santa catarina 400
thousand formal jobs i will discuss here the recessive measures right for
avoid people having a party with my name tomorrow, it’s okay, but it’s
millions the number of people who lost formal employment without counting the
informal settlements that it was estimated at 38 million people that a considerable part
you will no longer go to the square to sell a barbecue to sell a sign cloth
luminous put the basement bag on the side and sold the ice cream here whack in the game
football this is a concern that now I see that part of society
right there are concerned a lot of politicians start and worry I had with
the governor ibaneis he downloaded the new decree now where he is having the
requirement of the mask on public roads practically he opened all trade
other states are following along the same lines is unfortunately saw him arrived and
unfortunately and continues to lead people to death
unfortunately especially the elderly and
education that has some kind of disease plus a truth that no one disputes right
sixty to seventy percent of the population is going to be infected no one
happens number am from then on says people all over the world is that the country starts
to really go back to normality to be able to say that it’s getting free
now such a job thing that was being destroyed from back there from there from
has always been a concern of mine and I imagine how I got beaten by the media
Brazilian that always story right life you don't recover economy you recover
two problems I believe but one thing doesn’t have the number here but between Brazil
for example has a per capita income has an economy and a poor country on the other
African continent for example life expectancy lives here or a
time there unpacked and love here we have to have day
and what is g1
good so if our income is going to fall and death comes sooner this is what i
I always tried to bring the knowledge of the people I could not escape the truth I’m
responding to proceedings inside and outside of brazil you will be accused of genocide for
to have defended a different thesis from oms is just talk so much and follow the ms right the
director presents one in this is a doctor is not a doctor knew that the president of
same thing as talking here in Brazil the face of the box was not someone from
economy has no place is it the other way around not doing anything there for centuries
he you see this for example you already have nothing in this right then president of
ms is not a doctor oh ok and the heavy has to follow the
ms have to follow ministry of justice 5 and determinations guidelines as per
example anvisa also says in the law the last one in the law that deals with this matter
this year, right, there are certain issues to resist, but it is a vision that has to
be consulted and was not consulted has one thing more has two more when it is
I have another important point from Monday now on the 27th we
we will pay people who have a digital account at the federal savings bank or
be president that they 15 million that we have already opened from digital accounts and that
had no account they will be able to start withdrawing the money to withdraw the
money in the lotteries and tennis shoes inside the agencies so January
February on the twentieth and the fair and there it goes for 10 days this is
very important because at the beginning in the first two weeks president we
deposited in digital accounts but we wanted to give a spacing so for
everyone who has a digital account starting this Monday already starts the
receipt at the cashier's mouth either at the atm or the lottery this is very important
because normally the most needy population and where the government of
You are generating a very important question that is not only this benefit
in this moment of crisis is changing helping to change the lives of these people
that for the first time in their lives they will have access to the financial system
to a free account and also has an ordinance published in the
today and the ministry of defense and justice that disciplines the
quantity of ammunition that the people here who are the collector and sniper as well
how one who has the individual size of fire water can acquire along
the middle of the year as well as throughout the year so it's good news because it's
the issue of selling ammunition in Brazil was rationalized so it was there
facebook has to find this ordinance until then and whoever is a sniper had it for whoever it is
collector me as someone who is nothing like that but we have here at home will know
how many ammunition will you be able to buy throughout each month or throughout each
do you like an eraser there is no time there after you read the ordinance it was worth the
it is just one more thing the president is important given the issue of queues in
some cash agencies what we do three very important things
thousand and one hundred agency branches at the box opened two hours earlier ie 8 hours
in the morning instead of ideas what are these agencies the most crowded agencies
truth we already started opens on Saturday this Saturday around 800
agencies opened as on the 21st holiday so the box we are going to open on
Saturday we will open on holidays and the third point president we
we hire more watchdogs but it is outsourced people to help in
training in the organization of queues at 1,400 branches, that is, two thousand and
eight hundred people to and in the organization because yes in some
agencies you had an agglomeration and it is this balance that you always talk about
enters the issue of fundamental health and the issue of fundamental economics if we
put everyone to receive on the same day or in 2 days 10 15 million
people should receive there are 125 thousand people accompanying me and there are 91 thousand
accompanies in the young pan so you who are accompanying me will end mine there
in a little bit more young dad will be happy to hear augusto nunes is
maria has more is not over that also there with a lot of independence that if the name
of him here but the august to use maria is priceless there we will be young pan is the
radio that turned into television is a really are news of the day with a lot of
ownership and co-responsibility is one thing he
there are few information games there are, right, so it’s worth it
the person and go back to young pan one more thing was there I sun already comes to
everyone there a hug until Thursday if god wants